The continent has many city-states, with outlying cities and towns that supply it. Pseudo countries formed as systems of tributary states give allegiance to one larger city state. These countries are named after the major ruling city. Towns supply cities, and if that city is under another, that city pays tribute to the higher city.

The [suzerain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suzerainty) city can levy armies from surrounding tributary states and towns/villages. The suzerain city does not directly tax villages/ towns that are not in its vicinity though. These are taxed by whatever city’s jurisdiction that fall under. Borders between city jurisdiction are drawn by the land that each city is able to properly defend and deploy guards/soldiers to. 

So it follows that larger cities will have more troops to be able to properly defend towns and villages. But to get more troops, you need to be able to levy troops from more and more villages.

The largest of these cities being [[Confluence]], a major trade hub in the middle of the [[Continent]].  Confluence is ruled by a council of officials, risen through power through votes within the council. Democracy is not a thing; this is not a republic. The ones in power believe that the people will not be able to make decisions for the betterment of themselves, and therefore will control all decisions in the land.

Different cities in power (suzerains) will control their territories in whatever way they see fit though and not always follow in the major power of Confluence decisions. Governments will range from monarchies that have their vassal states as feudal states, granting land to nobles that will then grant land to citizens to farm, forming villages. To republics that elect a representative from their town or village, that will propose and elect officials in cities to go to main cities and form a council. This major council will form decisions in the best interest of their constituencies (hopefully) and govern that way.